OADP-3472 Added warning for windows vm backup fail (#83327)
openshift/openshift-docs: snippets/oadp-windows-vm-backup-fails.adoc

//This snippet appears in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-kubevirt.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET
[WARNING]
====

> If you run a backup of a Microsoft Windows virtual machine (VM) immediately after the VM reboots, the backup might fail with a `PartiallyFailed` error. This is because, immediately after a VM boots, the Microsoft Windows Volume Shadow Copy Service (VSS) and Guest Agent (GA) service are not ready. The VSS and GA service being unready causes the backup to fail. In such a case, re-try the backup a few minutes after the VM boots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run a backup of a Microsoft Windows virtual machine (VM) immediately after the VM reboots, the backup might fail with a `PartiallyFailed` error. This is because, immediately after a VM boots, the Microsoft Windows Volume Shadow Copy Service (VSS) and Guest Agent (GA) service are not ready. The VSS and GA service being unready causes the backup to fail. In such a case, retry the backup a few minutes after the VM boots.
```

> If you run a backup of a Microsoft Windows virtual machine (VM) immediately after the VM reboots, the backup might fail with a `PartiallyFailed` error. This is because, immediately after a VM boots, the Microsoft Windows Volume Shadow Copy Service (VSS) and Guest Agent (GA) service are not ready. The VSS and GA service being unready, causes the backup to fail. In such a case, re-try the backup a few minutes after the VM boots.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, do you mind please removing the extra comma? I will then merge. Thank you!

> If you run a backup of a Windows VM immediately after the VM reboots, the backup might fail with `WaitingForPluginOperationsPartiallyFailed` error. This is because, in Windows,  there is a hard-coded 10 seconds `filesystem` freeze when a VM boots. Immediately after a VM boots, the Windows Volume Shadow Copy Service (VSS) and Guest Agent (GA) service are not ready. The `filesystem` freeze, and the VSS and GA service not being ready, cause the backup to fail. In such a case, re-try the backup a few minutes after the VM boots.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you run a backup of a Microsoft Windows virtual machine (VM) immediately after the VM reboots, the backup might fail with `WaitingForPluginOperationsPartiallyFailed` error. This is because, on Microsoft Windows,  there is a hard-coded 10-second `filesystem` freeze when a VM boots. Immediately after a VM boots, the Microsoft Windows Volume Shadow Copy Service (VSS) and Guest Agent (GA) service are not ready. The `filesystem` freeze, and the VSS and GA service being unready, causes the backup to fail. In such a case, re-try the backup a few minutes after the VM boots.
```

> If you run a backup of a Microsoft Windows virtual machine (VM) immediately after the VM reboots, the backup might fail with `WaitingForPluginOperationsPartiallyFailed` error. This is because, on Microsoft Windows,  there is a hard-coded 10-second `filesystem` freeze when a VM boots. Immediately after a VM boots, the Microsoft Windows Volume Shadow Copy Service (VSS) and Guest Agent (GA) service are not ready. The `filesystem` freeze, and the VSS and GA service being unready, causes the backup to fail. In such a case, re-try the backup a few minutes after the VM boots.

Reviewer 4: WaitingForPluginOperationsPartiallyFailed -  the final status is PartiallyFailed Actually
lets see what exaclly the backup log says - please stand by :)

Author: I have renamed the error to `PartiallyFailed` and have removed the `10 sec freeze` messaging as per Amos's review comments.
